ION Solid is a startup that focuses on selling cellphone and tablet cases.

The company has the following type of employees: the CEO and founder, 

case sellers, the logistic people that works with case providers and hold an 

inventory of the cases, and business administrator.

Currently, there are two providers for the cases: Real Case for cellphone 

cases and OMCase for tablets. There may be other providers in the future, 

even providers for both kind of devices. Providers must deliver the cases to 

the main warehouse, that is the basement of the CEO’s house. Cases are 

classified by their design and device. For example, there are cases with the 

same design for iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and Nexus 6.

There are two type of sellers: delivery sellers and store sellers. There are 

sellers that do both jobs. Delivery sellers are attending phone calls made to 

the store and the places done via the Facebook page. After accumulating a 

bunch of orders, they go out and deliver each case. Store sellers are 

physically in the store attending orders from customers that pass by. Each 

seller, when selling a case, must create a receipt and register the name, 

age, gender and location of the customer, date of sale, price of the cases 

and how many of them were sold and the name of the store where the sale 

took place. After selling a case, there’s a warranty period of one month 

where the customer can replace the case or return it if didn’t like it. When 

replacing a case, the customer may receive another case with same design 

for the device as replacement or maybe he wants a different model. If the 

customer chooses a different model, the sale is marked as a refund, the 

customer picks a new case and a new sale is placed. In case the customer 

doesn’t want a new case, the sale is just refunded and the case returned.

The business administrator came up with the idea that lot of tasks in the 

business can be automated by using an application rather than doing 

manual work. Also, they have lots of spreadsheets in their Google accounts 

and it becomes cumbersome to have lot of files opened at the same time to 

search for data. Even if they download them all to their laptops, is still a 

huge burden. He convinced the CEO to have his friend, a very skilled Java 

developer, help them to create an application and ease their work. The 

CEO agreed but since they’re still small, the app should focus on the main 

processes of the company. These are two, basically: control the inventory 

of cases and manage the sells. The developer agreed and asked for a list 

of tasks that needed to be automated.

After speaking with some people of logistic and some of the sellers, the 

developer got this list of requirements:

? Keep track of how many cases are in stock for every design and 

case.

? Allow to register an order to the provider when the amount of cases is 

too low. The amounts can be configured. To help the logistic team, 

there must be alerts that show the cases that need a new order to the 

provider.

? Keep track of how many cases get from each provider, if the delivery 

was on date or got late, and if late for how much time. In these cases, 

the inventory for case must increase.

? Allow to register each sale and track its status. There are times when 

the sale is cancelled due to delivery sellers taking too much time to 

get to the customer’s place or the customer in the store realizes that 

doesn’t have enough money in their card to buy the case. The sale 

can have one of these status: draft, paid, cancelled and refund.

? When registering a sell, the amount of physic cases for the design 

and device sold must be decreased from the inventory.

In order to save time for the application development, the delivery sellers 

have to go back to the store to register their sales. They have to register all 

sales, even if they were cancelled.